Update archiving_blog_post.md (#4983)
kurrent-io/KurrentDB: docs/server/features/archiving_blog_post.md

Our configuration is almost complete!

We just need to pass the AWS profile we created (`kurrentdb-archive`) as an environment variable to KurrentDB.
If you are using the default AWS profile, `default,` you don't need to complete these steps.

Specifying the `AWS_PROFILE` environment variable can be done as follows:
```
$ sudo systemctl edit kurrentdb
```

This will open up a text editor, where you must add these lines in the top section:
```
[Service]
Environment="AWS_PROFILE=kurrentdb-archive"
```

Save the file & exit.

> Finally, reload the system configuration by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, reload the _systemd_ configuration by running:
```

systemd wasn't a typo, it was referring to the systemd daemon: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Systemd

```

One strange thing you'll notice above is that the chunk file names in the archive always have a suffix of `.000001`.
For example, `chunk-000000.000000` is stored as `chunk-000000.000001`, which looks similar to a _scavenged_ chunk.

The other strange thing you'll see is that if you have a _scavenged_ and _merged_ chunk that contains multiple logical chunks, it'll be stored as several chunk files in the archive.
For example, _scavenged_ chunk `chunk-000012.000003`, which contains chunks 12, 13, and 14, will be _unmerged_ and stored in the archive as `chunk-000012.000001`, `chunk-000013.000001`, and `chunk-000014.000001`.

> This mechanism allows data to be read from the archive quickly. A constant suffix (`.000001`) and one chunk file per logical chunk allow any node to promptly find the chunk file containing a specific _log position_ in the archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mechanism allows data to be read from the archive quickly. A constant suffix (`.000001`) and one chunk file per logical chunk allow any node to quickly locate the chunk file containing a specific _log position_ in the archive.
```
i'm not sure if `promptly` is the right word, i've changed it to `quickly locate` but feel free to readjust it

#### 30 days later...

We run a scavenge again 30 days later and sure enough, some of the chunks (0, 1, 2, and 3) are deleted from the node!
```
$ ls /var/lib/kurrentdb/
chaser.chk           chunk-000006.000001    index         writer.chk
chunk-000004.000000  chunk-000007.000000    proposal.chk
chunk-000005.000001  epoch.chk              truncate.chk
```

Notice that we configured the archiving settings to keep only 500MB of data, which should be roughly equivalent to two chunks, but four chunks are left.
That's because running a scavenge (two times) had closed chunks 5 and 6 with a _scavenge point_, and they were thus not full of data.

> You should read some streams from a client or the web UI. Notice that reads that go to the archive are handled transparently!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you now read some streams from a client or the web UI, you'll notice that reads that go to the archive are handled transparently!
```
